feat(components): add `side-nav` slot to `post-header` (#7958)
swisspost/design-system: apps/documentation/src/stories/components/header/header.docs.mdx

### Application

> The Application header is a header variant intended for internal applications. It uses the `appearance: compact` styles bundle and is distinguished by the absence of any content in its global (yellow) part except from the Logo. For applications that require in-app navigation, the Application header supports [Side Navigation](/?path=/docs/9f26d86e-7edb-5804-ac96-92g22f91c9d9--docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Application header is a header variant intended for internal applications. It uses the [compact styles bundle](/?path=/docs/e53e2de8-0bbf-4f70-babc-074c5466f700--docs&devModeEnabled=true#available-bundles) and is distinguished by the absence of any content in its global (yellow) part except from the Logo. For applications that require in-app navigation, the Application header supports [Side Navigation](/?path=/docs/9f26d86e-7edb-5804-ac96-92g22f91c9d9--docs).
```

Btw. why are the Side Navigation docs still in "raw components"? Is it planned to move it into "components" when styles are merged?

Author: Yes, this is the PR, which adds the styles and also moves the side-nav doc page from Raw components to the Components:
https://github.com/swisspost/design-system/pull/7972/changes
